Add contribute guidelines (#75)
MinBZK/ai-validation: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to AI Validation

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! ❤️

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued. See the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) for different ways
to help and details about how this project handles them. Please make sure to read the relevant section before making your
contribution. It will make it a lot easier for us maintainers and smooth out the experience for all involved. The
community looks forward to your contributions. 🎉

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I Want To Contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
- [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the

> [Code of Conduct](blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: @berrydenhartog on the published version of the page this link will not work. What do you think of the suggested change? If you agree, we should also update the other links in this document.

```suggestion
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/MinBZK/ai-validation/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

Author: Resolved

> # Contributing to AI Validation

Reviewer: What do you tihnk of making this a page on the MkDocs site itself? And set a reference to this file in the parent directory.

Author: Good question. i do not really care as long as github recognizes it

Reviewer 2: Either direction should work, we can use softlinks, right?

Reviewer: @anneschuth do you think we should publish it on our site? Or only keep it as contributing guidelines in the repo?

Reviewer 2: I think we should do both. I'd probably symlink it from `/docs/Way-of-Working/Contributing.md` to `/Contributing.md`

Reviewer: @berrydenhartog if you agree, can you make this change?

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! ❤️

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued. See the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) for different ways
to help and details about how this project handles them. Please make sure to read the relevant section before making your
contribution. It will make it a lot easier for us maintainers and smooth out the experience for all involved. The
community looks forward to your contributions. 🎉

## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I Want To Contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
- [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the

> [Code of Conduct](blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Code of Conduct](blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

We use GitHub issues to track bugs and errors. If you run into an issue with the project:

- Open an [Issue](/issues/new). (Since we can't be sure at this point whether it is a bug or not, we ask you not to talk
about a bug yet and not to label the issue.)
- Explain the behavior you would expect and the actual behavior.
- Please provide as much context as possible and describe the *reproduction steps* that someone else can follow to
recreate the issue on their own. This usually includes your code.
- Provide the information you collected in the previous section.

Once it's filed:

- The project team will label the issue accordingly.
- A team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps. If there are no reproduction steps or no
obvious way to reproduce the issue, the team will ask you for those steps and mark the issue as `needs-repro`. Bugs with
the `needs-repro` tag will not be addressed until they are reproduced.
- If the team is able to reproduce the issue, it will be marked `needs-fix`, as well as possibly other tags (such as
`critical`), and the issue will be left to be implemented by someone.

### Suggesting Enhancements

> This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for CONTRIBUTING.md, **including completely new
> features and minor improvements to existing functionality**. Following these guidelines will help maintainers and the
> community to understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for this project, **including completely new
features and minor improvements**. Following these guidelines will help maintainers and the
community to understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.
```

#### Before Submitting an Enhancement

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.
- Perform a [search](/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the
existing issue instead of opening a new one.
- Find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to
convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Keep in mind that we want features that will be useful
to the majority of our users and not just a small subset.

#### How Do I Submit a Good Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](/issues).

- Use a **clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.

> - Provide a **step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why. At this point
you can also tell which alternatives do not work for you.
- You may want to **include screenshots and animated GIFs** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part

> which the suggestion is related to. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which the suggestion is related to. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on MacOS and
```

 Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.

> - **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most CONTRIBUTING.md users. You may also want to point out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** for the community. You may also want to point out the
```
